MARKET NEED:
In India, more than 75% people are offline customers rather than online because of their old habits, quick service and trust over the shops. If you live in a city area, you will always prefer buying a good directly and not wait for days to reach it to you and for that you compromise with the set price and quality available. This case in cites will still seem ok if we go deeper into the situation considering the rural areas and outskirts. We can find a more drastic scenario. The shops they find near their homes have a price much higher than available in places nearer to the main market area and online. The reason behind this is the involvement of various distributors, dealers, local wholesalers and retailers for reaching a item from the manufacturer to customers. The finally found product is so of high price and cheaper quality. To avoid these offline issue, they might want to go for online services but the fear of return, long time to delivery, receiving of wrong item, wastage of a minimum of a day’s time stop them from doing so. Therefore we bought in the idea for an website that connects the manufacturer directly to the retails removing the extra hands involved. The customers can now buy their choice of products at better quality and lesser price directly from the shops they trust while sitting in the luxury of their own homes. The delivery service is managed by another website which connects the customer to various retailers. The customer can order online from a trusted shop of their choice and requirement and can get it within half an hour( for nearby shops) at their doorstep. This website is also helpful for the various farmers, weavers and small enterprise owners. They have been bound to sell out their hard work to the dealers and distributors for a living. Even though their goods are sold in thousands they get a meagre 0.1%.
This hugely affects the economy of our country. Through our website they can directly sell their goods to the retailers at much higher price than they used to get from the dealers.
And also reduce the tax losses. All the rural purchase made through GST it directly increase our economy.
So the mission and vision of the website is to bridge the gap between the creators and the buyers/ valuers.
PRODUCTS/SERVICE CONCEPT:
The idea includes two website services, one connects the manufacturers including industries, small enterprises, farmers, weavers etc to the retailers and the other connecting the retailers and shopkeepers to the local customers.
With the help of the 1st website - http://www.wholesaleadda.in a retailer can order goods directly from the available manufacturers at an wholesale amount. The retailers can sell the good in their shops offline and online. The second website - https://www.duckhawk.in gives the retailers an option to sell their goods (and those bought from the 1st website) online to the customers. This idea increases the reach of the retailers to more customers. The customers can order online through the second website - https://www.duckhawk.in from the shops of their choice and requirement and get it delivered at their home within half an hour.
The idea can reduce fraudulent cases caused by sellers,courier and customers usually found in online orders because of involvement of only the delivery person. The unique feature of one hour delivery and instant check and return makes you feel as if you are at the shop itself. This can help the customer get more options sitting at their own home, return or exchange instantly and decrease the fraud returns made by the customers, courier, seller. Online markets available today require a duration of one day at least for processing the return and then another for pick up. This wastes a lot of time and the customer becomes bound to be present at the pickup location for the whole day because they have no idea when the delivery person may arrive. But here you only invest a single hour : order, check the product, keep and pay or return at that instant.
This idea can also improve small businesses and there is growth of local market. It also creates more employment options in terms of local shops and delivery persons. The idea can reduce fraudulent cases caused by sellers and customers usually found in online orders because of involvement of only the delivery person & proper check at the store . The unique feature of one hour delivery and instant check and return makes you feel as if you are at the shop itself. This can help the customer get more options sitting at their own home, return or exchange instantly and decrease the fraud returns made by the customers. This idea can improve small businesses and there is growth of local market. It also creates more employment options in terms of local shops and delivery personals.
INNOVATIVE FEATURES:
In the age of cashless payments and online shopping, people in India still believe in "pados wali dukaan" because of the retained years of trust...no space to write connect me
